I see who dares
Dog eyes without beads
I think the weather in Qinzhou should change
Mr. Lin
I said, you fool Yanfu is really not shallow.
Except for Mu Qianxue
Is there such a beauty helping you?
Mr. Lin Cangmu took care of you for three years
Find another woman as soon as you recover
Are you worthy of President Mu?
Hey, I'm Miss Qingxue
Can't you see?
We Ye Dashou are obsessed with you
You actually choose
Such a silly boy
I'm afraid another person would never choose that way, right?
Who do I like?
It's not your turn to point fingers
That being the case
Then there's nothing more to say
Today, Cangxuan Group and this fool
I want to see them disappear together
As for you?
Little beautiful woman
You might as well follow me if you follow this fool
I will never treat you badly.
What are you?
It is also worthy to speak out in front of Mr. Lin
Do you know what you said today?
So let your Ye family be doomed
Hahahahaha
He said our Ye family would be doomed
Hahaha
I'd like to see it
How did you and this fool make the Ye family doomed?
Then you watch it.
He Qiubai will come to Cangxue Group within 10 minutes
Cangxue Group
Yes, I need you to give me an explanation.
Go to the flying car, let's go to the Cangxue Group
What He Qiubai
Qinzhou walking people